hey everyone it's Jojo and welcome to
Monday night metal fight number 41
rematch battle so if you haven't seen
Monday night metal fight number 41 go
ahead and watch that and then come back
here
it'll be like floating around somewhere
like in an outpatient alright so anyway
the last battle was really really close
it could have gone either way actually
so what I've decided to do was switch
the mode on the flash metal wheel to
attack mode and see if the results would
be any different so the rules are the
same five rounds takara tomy text eating
rubber puncher so what the rematch begin
round one
Oh a stadium out to hell
Anubis flash Lyon takes round 1 round 2
again a stadium out to hell
Anubis flash Leon takes round 2 round 3
another stadium out to halle-loo this
flash Lyon that's three in a row round
four I'm starting to see a pattern here
watch the yellow and takes around four
round five Oh
this time he'll Anubis gives the stadium
out hala nubes takes the final round and
your winner is metal face flash Lyon BD
does super well in attack mode with a
metal wheel and the only reason I put
the metal wheel in stamina mode from the
beginning because is because I thought
it would give it more stamina because of
the BD so I kind of just thought oh it's
a standard combo I'll put it in stamina
mode but surprisingly it does better in
attack mode
even though he'll Anubis did get that
last round and hit the wall and flashed
or flash Leone did not so you wait
couldn't they could have both gotten
stadium outs again hell Anubis just got
really really lucky so those are the
results of Monday night metal fight
number 41 a rematch battle thanks for
watching leave a like you've enjoyed
this video don't forget to favorite and
subscribe and if you want to see your
beyblade combo and next week's Monday
night metal fight go back to the
original video number 41 and submit your
combo there once again thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys next time
with more beyblade see you soon